[review] MIP-53: Progressive L2 Models (#53)
movementlabsxyz/MIP: MIP/mip-54/README.md

# MIP-54: Conventions for Proposing Progressive L2 Models
- **Description**: Introduces conventions for proposing progressive L2 models.
- **Authors**: [Liam Monninger](mailto:liam@movementlabs.xyz)
- **Reviewer**: [Andreas Penzkofer](mailto:andreas.penzkofer@movementlabs.xyz)
- **Desiderata**: $\emptyset$

## Abstract

> We define a progressive L2 model as a description of an L2 system that is intended for a particular stage of the said L2's life. To align expectations for reviewing proposals for said models, we propose a set of conventions including naming, formatting, and related standards.

Reviewer: this is written unclear.. how about

## Motivation

> In order to communicate with more specificity, Movement Labs should introduce a glossary. This glossary should define terms both unique to Movement Labs and general terms that are used in a unique way, underspecified in the literature, or have a specific meaning in the context of Movement Labs.

Reviewer: A glossary for terms is already introduced by the MG system and the GLOSSARY.md. A generic glossary for terms is not required here.

Author: This was a holdover. Let me remove.

# MIP-54: Conventions for Proposing Progressive L2 Models
- **Description**: Introduces conventions for proposing progressive L2 models.
- **Authors**: [Liam Monninger](mailto:liam@movementlabs.xyz)
- **Reviewer**: [Andreas Penzkofer](mailto:andreas.penzkofer@movementlabs.xyz)
- **Desiderata**: $\emptyset$

## Abstract

> Movement's L2 system will progress through various changes during its life, and each stage is presented through a new L2 model (which we call **progressive L2 model**). Thus a given progressive L2 model describes as a particular stage in the evolution of the L2 system.  A given progressive L2 model stage is defined through the sum of its improvements and it may encompass unrelated components. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Movement's L2 system will progress through various changes during its life, and each stage is presented through a new L2 model (which we call **progressive L2 model**). Thus a given progressive L2 model describes as a particular stage in the evolution of the L2 system.  A given progressive L2 model stage is defined through the sum of its improvements and it may encompass components that are not directly related to each other. 
```

We propose a set of conventions including naming, formatting, and related standards to assist reviewing proposals for said models. Finally a collection point of these terms to provide an overview

## Motivation

> In order to communicate with more specificity, Movement Labs should introduce a glossary. This glossary should define terms both unique to Movement Labs and general terms that are used in a unique way, underspecified in the literature, or have a specific meaning in the context of Movement Labs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to facilitate the development of L2 systems, it is important to have a clear and consistent way to propose and review models for these systems. This MIP aims to provide a set of conventions for proposing progressive L2 models that will help to ensure that proposals are clear, consistent, and easy to review.
```

Reviewer: this text seems to have be replaced by accident in the last commit. i am just reverting this
